Add privKey parsing text (#108)
lamps-wg/dilithium-certificates: draft-ietf-lamps-dilithium-certificates.md

format, they MAY be included to enable keypair consistency checks during
import operations.

When parsing the private key, the ASN.1 tag explicitly indicates which

> variant of CHOICE is present. Implementations should use tag value 0x80
> for seed only, 0x04 for key only, and 0x30 for both to parse the private
> key, rather than any other heuristic like length of the OCTET STRING.

Author: ```suggestion
variant of `CHOICE` is present. Implementations should use tag `UNIVERSAL IMPLICIT [0]`
(raw value `0x80`) for `seed`, `OCTET STRING` (`0x04`) for `expandedKey`, and
`SEQUENCE` (`0x30`) for `both` to parse the private key, rather than any other heuristic like length of the `OCTET STRING`.
```

> variant of `CHOICE` is present. Implementations should use tag `UNIVERSAL IMPLICIT [0]`
> (raw value `0x80`) for `seed`, `OCTET STRING` (`0x04`) for `expandedKey`, and
> `SEQUENCE` (`0x30`) for `both` to parse the private key, rather than any other heuristic like length of the `OCTET STRING`.

Author: ```suggestion
variant of `CHOICE` is present. Implementations should use tag `UNIVERSAL IMPLICIT [0]`
(raw value `0x80`) for `seed`, `OCTET STRING` (`0x04`) for `expandedKey`, and
`SEQUENCE` (`0x30`) for `both` to parse the private key, rather than any
other heuristic like length of the enclosing `OCTET STRING`.
```
